README.md, before:

### This is a README dedicated to the paper Achieving Limited Adaptivity for MNL Bandits.

To run the algorithms, use the following command: 

`python3 main.py --alg_name [ALG_NAME] --num_contexts [NUM_CONTEXTS] --num_outcomes [NUM_OUTCOMES] --arm_seed [ARM_SEED] --theta_seed [THETA_SEED] --reward_seed [REWARD_SEED] --theta_star [THETA_STAR]  --reward_vec [REWARD_VEC] --horizon [HORIZON] --failure_level [FAILURE_LEVEL] --dim_arms [DIM_ARMS] --num_arms [NUM_ARMS] --param_norm_ub [PARAM_NORM_UB] --reward_norm_ub [REWARD_NORM_UB]`

where the arguments are as follows:

1. ALG_NAME: One of ["rs_glincb" , "rs_mnl" , "mlogb" , "ada_ofu_ecolog" , "ofulogplus"]

2. NUM_CONTEXTS: 1 for the non-contextual setting and None for the contextual setting

3. NUM_OUTCOMES: the number of outcomes for the multinomial logistic function

4. ARM_SEED: Seed to control the generation of arms

5. THETA_SEED: Seed to control the generation of theta_star (if random, check point 7)

6. REWARD_SEED: Seed to control the generation of the reward vector (if random, check point 8) and the rewards

7. THETA_STAR: Random or path to the .npy file containing theta_star, the hidden optimal parameter

8. REWARD_VEC: Random or path to the .npy file containing the reward_vec

9. HORIZON: The number of rounds for which the algorithm is run

10. FAILURE_LEVEL: The probability with which the confidence bounds fail, Default : 0.05

11. DIM_ARMS: the dimension of the arm set

12. num_arms: the number of arms in the arm set

13. PARAM_NORM_UB: the desired upper bound for the parameter vectors (in case randomly generated, check point 7)

14. REWARD_NORM_UB: the desired upper bound for the reward vector (in case randomly generated, check point 8)

You can follow the instructions in `Reproducible_Experiments.ipynb` to replicate the experiments shown in the paper.

Commit message:

Added details of algorithms implemented in README

README.md, after:

### This is a README dedicated to the paper Achieving Limited Adaptivity for MNL Bandits.

To run the algorithms, use the following command: 

`python3 main.py --alg_name [ALG_NAME] --num_contexts [NUM_CONTEXTS] --num_outcomes [NUM_OUTCOMES] --arm_seed [ARM_SEED] --theta_seed [THETA_SEED] --reward_seed [REWARD_SEED] --theta_star [THETA_STAR]  --reward_vec [REWARD_VEC] --horizon [HORIZON] --failure_level [FAILURE_LEVEL] --dim_arms [DIM_ARMS] --num_arms [NUM_ARMS] --param_norm_ub [PARAM_NORM_UB] --reward_norm_ub [REWARD_NORM_UB]`

You can follow the instructions in `Reproducible_Experiments.ipynb` to replicate the experiments shown in the paper.

We implement the following algorithms:

    1. RS-MNL: Our Algorithm
    2. OFUL-MLogB: <a href = "https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper_files/paper/2023/file/5ef04392708bb2340cb9b7da41225660-Paper-Conference.pdf">Zhang & Sugiyama (2023))</a>
    3. ada-OFU-ECOLog: <a href="https://proceedings.mlr.press/v151/faury22a/faury22a.pdf">Faury et al. (2022) </a>
    4. OFULog+: <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.18554">Lee et al. (2023)</a>
    5. RS-GLinCB: <a href="https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper_files/paper/2024/file/0faa0019b0a8fcab8e6476bc43078e2e-Paper-Conference.pdf">Sawarni et al. (2024)</a>
